Hey guys welcome back to the course.
Next up in our case study o rama.
We're going to take this back to the basics.
We're not going to focus on the Internet or businesses that can only be operated by Millennials are
disappearing photo app.
This case said we're going to do a brick and mortar store going straight old school something that exists
in actual space might have a Web site but primarily lies on people coming in through the door and paying
you money.
Yes.
You know that form of business that represents like any percent of the economy that we've kind of ignored
up until this point.
Now the obvious question is are we going to do a restaurant.
And the answer is No.
Restaurants are popular Yes but they're incredibly complicated.
If you guys really want to know how to do a Swedish meatball food truck or a lacto ovo gluten free fast
food chain restaurant just chime in in the comments or preferably in the slack group and we might do
it.
We're planning on adding more case studies at the end of this.
If you guys find these valuable so let us know.
Now what are we going to cover in this section here.
Clothing no restaurant no office supplies no we're going to cover Putt-Putt.
Now not technically Putt-Putt but we're going to do an indoor golf kind of facility.
The idea is you come here to play golf either by seeing a metal stick hitting a ball against a net which
actually is popular in places that have really high urban density like Japan or you can use a simulator
we hit a static ball and then the computer just tells you how well you did.
So yes we couldn't completely get away from technology.
But then again that's kind of where all the business opportunities are.
So that is the name of the game.
We have a facility and we sell sessions of simulated golf.
I can't obviously play golf on account of being too athletic and way too good with my hand singular
but millions of you can see the appeal to a business like this.
Real golf courses take an enormous amount of space simulated golf courses do not take an enormous amount
of space.
And also there's a novelty factor to it.
So if you are opening an indoor golf store what do you think you might have to model.
Well we're probably going to have to charge per session outright or maybe we offer a subscription for
the regular simulated golfers.
And like a lot of businesses we're going to sell food in tandem with these sessions.
It's not going to be like a movie theater where 95 percent of the profit if not more comes from the
food sales.
But a large portion will their food will be a big deal but you'll also do fine on the sessions themselves.
Oh and you better believe we're going to have to plan out and chart how exactly we're going to pay for
the facility and all of the equipment.
So in this case somebody will even go a step farther and look at how financing the building and getting
a small business loan will affect the numbers.
We'll definitely have to address things like utilization a term that in another case he might have been
called like vacancy or downtime if you're talking about servers if the equipment sits there than it
isn't making money so we'll need to our best guess at what those rates might look like.
OK.
So get your head into the mind of a 10 professional golfer and we will see you in the next lecture.